manual.md, before:

# konote 

## Active recall
konote has two main functions. The first is to help you organize information as you read it
by organizing notes in a tree structure, where chapters 'branch' off a book, chapter sections
'branch' off a chapter, and individual topics 'branch' off chapter sections. This will give
you a higher level view of the topic. It's expected that you won't retain all the information
on your first pass through the chapter, which bring us to applying active recall. Within this
tree structure of notes, you will create practice questions for yourself. This is accomplished
by creating a directory for a question, and storing the answer as a [hidden file](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Hidden_file_and_hidden_directory)
within that question directory. When you return to your notes to study, konote will use the
```tree``` command to display your notes. Because the answers to each practice question are
stored in hidden files, they won't be revealed until you choose to view them
using the command ```tree -a```. This part of the studying process is where most of the learning
happens.


## Spaced repetition(measuring comfort with topic)
Konote determines what topics require revision by taking input on how comfortable you were
with the chapter or chapter section. It asks for a score from 1-5, with 1 meaning very poor
or limited understanding of the topic, and 5 meaning mastery. This is then stored in the directory
description(which is stored in ```description.txt```), which stores other information, like whether
the directory is a collection of books, chapters, or chapter sections. Note that a given directory
only allows you to create subdirectories of matching types. You aren't allowed to make new books
in a chapter for example. However, making practice questions in a directory that also has chapter
sections is perfectly acceptable.

Commit message:

More detail on purpose of konote

manual.md, after:

# konote 

Konote allows you to have a high level view of a topic or a look at the finer details, based
on what you need to better understand the topic. It also employs the following study
techniques:

## Active recall
konote has two main functions. The first is to help you organize information as you read it
by organizing notes in a tree structure, where chapters 'branch' off a book, chapter sections
'branch' off a chapter, and individual topics 'branch' off chapter sections. This will give
you a higher level view of the topic. It's expected that you won't retain all the information
on your first pass through the chapter, which bring us to applying active recall. Within this
tree structure of notes, you will create practice questions for yourself. This is accomplished
by creating a directory for a question, and storing the answer as a [hidden file](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Hidden_file_and_hidden_directory)
within that question directory. When you return to your notes to study, konote will use the
```tree``` command to display your notes. Because the answers to each practice question are
stored in hidden files, they won't be revealed until you choose to view them
using the command ```tree -a```. This part of the studying process is where most of the learning
happens.


## Spaced repetition(measuring comfort with topic)
Konote determines what topics require revision by taking input on how comfortable you were
with the chapter or chapter section. It asks for a score from 1-5, with 1 meaning very poor
or limited understanding of the topic, and 5 meaning mastery. This is then stored in the directory
description(which is stored in ```description.txt```), which stores other information, like whether
the directory is a collection of books, chapters, or chapter sections. Note that a given directory
only allows you to create subdirectories of matching types. You aren't allowed to make new books
in a chapter for example. However, making practice questions in a directory that also has chapter
sections is perfectly acceptable.
