docs/manual.md, before:

# konote 

Konote is designed to be a multipurpose productivity tool. It currently only supports task generation.

## Tasks

There are three main types of tasks - long term goals, projects, and quick todos. 

The main purpose of these tasks is to log todos that do not have a due date. 

### Long Term Goals
These are things like learning a new language, acquiring a new skill, or taking a course.

In the console, type `konote ltg <name of long term goal>` to add one to your list.

### Projects
These are the next level below. 
It might be something like learning a specific grammar structure within the language, learning a certain skill, or completing a project within that course.

In the console, type `konote pr <name of long term goal>` to add one to your list.

### Quick Todos
These are things you can get done in less than an hour, like doing a problem set,
getting a workout done, or cleaning your room.

In the console, type `konote qt <name of long term goal>` to add one to your list.

### Viewing Tasks You Made
Go to your home directory, then a folder named `konote_files` and find a file called `Tasks.yaml`.

This file stores all the tasks you have made. You can edit it directly, and new tasks will be created

## Coming Features

### Frequency Based todos. 

For example you might brush your teeth twice a day, go for a walk once a day, and do bicep curls every other day.

Konote would be able to remind you of this.

Commit message:

Add more info about implementation freq based todo

docs/manual.md, after:

# konote 

Konote is designed to be a multipurpose productivity tool. It currently only supports task generation.

## Tasks

There are three main types of tasks - long term goals, projects, and quick todos. 

The main purpose of these tasks is to log todos that do not have a due date. 

### Long Term Goals
These are things like learning a new language, acquiring a new skill, or taking a course.

In the console, type `konote ltg <name of long term goal>` to add one to your list.

### Projects
These are the next level below. 
It might be something like learning a specific grammar structure within the language, learning a certain skill, or completing a project within that course.

In the console, type `konote pr <name of long term goal>` to add one to your list.

### Quick Todos
These are things you can get done in less than an hour, like doing a problem set,
getting a workout done, or cleaning your room.

In the console, type `konote qt <name of long term goal>` to add one to your list.

### Viewing Tasks You Made
Go to your home directory, then a folder named `konote_files` and find a file called `Tasks.yaml`.

This file stores all the tasks you have made. You can edit it directly, and new tasks will be created

## Coming Features

### Frequency Based todos. 

Each tasks has a certain frequency associated with it.

For example you might brush your teeth twice a day, go for a walk once a day, and do bicep curls every other day.

If you do bicep curls once every two days, then the JSON file would list the task with a frequency of 2.

If you walk every day, then the JSON file would list the task with a frequency of 1.

The program stores an `init` date, which is the date of when you first ran the program in `yyyy-mm-dd` format.

The number of days between the current date and the `init` date are calculted, and modular arithmetic is
done on the value stored in the `freq` field for the todo. 

Eg. if you initialized the program `2021-08-04` and the current date was `2021-08-08` and the frequency of bicep curls was 2, then konote would find the number of days between these two days (which is 4 days), then take this value modulo 2, and get 0. Because the result is 0, you have to do bicep curls today.

Konote would be able to remind you of this.
